add new rule best Framework Rule (#9478)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/do-you-know-the-best-framework-to-build-an-admin-interface/rule.md

---

> seoDescription: Do you know the best Framework to build an Admin Interface for your Web App?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seoDescription: Find the best framework for your admin interface. Explore top choices like React, Blazor, and Angular, based on your tech stack and project needs
```

type: rule
title: Do you know the best Framework to build an Admin Interface for your Web App?
uri: do-you-know-the-best-framework-to-build-an-admin-interface
authors:
  - title: Tom Iwainski
    url: https://www.ssw.com.au/people/thomas-iwainski
related:
  - use-nextjs
  - why-react-is-great
  - why-blazor-is-great
  - why-angular-is-great
created: 2024-10-224T00:00:00.001Z

> guid: abcdefgh-1234-a1b2-xyza-ffffffffffff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guid: be0d9e5f-8580-4997-9abd-d7130ec9b240
```
